MPIIT: Add support for skipJobTriggers switch for triggered job lists (#77544)
openshift/release: ci-operator/step-registry/trigger-jobs/README.md

>     the bitwise mask `(trigCondFlgs & JT__TRIG_COND_EXEC_FLGS)` evaluates to non-0. If any checked trigger condition is not met, the rest
>     of the processing is skipped.
>  4. **(If applicable)** Loop through the jobs-to-trigger JSON and trigger each Job that has `active: true` and matches the set trigger condition, if any.
>     For each JSON list object, its `jobList` block is skipped when `skipJobTriggers` key is set to true.
>     If the step env `JT__SKIP_TRIG_MAIN_JOBS` is non-zero (set in the `ci-operator` config), every `jobList` item is skipped the same way.
>  5. **(If applicable)** Set execution markers so the downstream processes can determine whether to execute post-Steps. Markers are only set when
>     the bitwise mask `(postTaskFlgs & JT__POST_TASK_EXEC_FLGS)` evaluates to non-0.
>  6. Continue processing until all Jobs have been processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. Loop through `JT__TRIG_JOB_LIST`, skipping entries with `disabled: true`.
 4. **(If applicable)** Check trigger conditions written by pre-Steps (e.g., resource ownership). Trigger conditions are only checked when
    the bitwise mask `(trigCondFlgs & JT__TRIG_COND_EXEC_FLGS)` evaluates to non-0. If any checked trigger condition is not met, the rest
    of the processing is skipped.
 5. **(If applicable)** Loop through the jobs-to-trigger JSON and trigger each Job that has `active: true` and matches the set trigger condition, if any.
    This Step is skipped if `JT__SKIP_TRIG_MAIN_JOBS` is non-zero.
 6. **(If applicable)** Set execution markers so the downstream processes can determine whether to execute post-Steps. Markers are only set when
    the bitwise mask `(postTaskFlgs & JT__POST_TASK_EXEC_FLGS)` evaluates to non-0.
 7. Continue processing until all Jobs have been processed.
```
